# JAVA REFLECTION

- Language and JVM feature that gives us Runtime access to information about our application's classes, and objects.
- Those features are available to us through the `java.lang.reflect` (Reflection API) package.


## getClass()
- Returns the runtime class of an object.
- The returned Class object is the object that is locked by static synchronized methods of the represented class.

## Object Creation

- class.getDeclaredConstructor()
  - Returns all the constructors declared by the class. (public, protected, default (package) access, and private constructors)
- class.getConstructor()
  - Returns only the public constructors declared by the class.


## Fields
- Fields are variables that belong to a class or object.
- class.getDeclaredFields()
  - Returns all the fields declared by the class. (public, protected, default (package) access, and private fields)
  - Includes inherited fields.
- class.getFields()
  - Returns only the public fields declared by the class.
  - Includes inherited fields.
- class.getDeclaredField(<field_name>)
  - Returns a specific field declared by the class.
  - Includes inherited fields.
  - Throws NoSuchFieldException if the field does not exist.

### Synthetic Fields
- Fields that are generated by the compiler for internal usage.
- For example, the `this` keyword is a synthetic field.
- field.isSynthetic()
  - Returns true if the field is synthetic.
- field.isEnumConstant()
  - Returns true if the field is an enum constant.
- field.setAccessible(true)
  - Allows us to access private fields.
  - if classes belong to different modules, that don't allow access to those class, we can use `--add-opens` to allow access to private fields.